---
title: COS 2024
permalink: /what-we-do/committee-of-supply/2024/
variant: markdown
description: ""
third_nav_title: Committee of Supply
---
## Paving the Way Towards Our Digital Future

“A Smart Nation that we can trust, helps us grow, and keeps us together”

Today, Singaporeans embrace the use of digital technologies in their daily lives. Many are also open to trying out new technologies. The Ministry of Communications and Information (MCI) will create a trusted environment where Singaporeans can use technology with confidence and continue to benefit from developments in technology.

At the Committee of Supply 2024 debates, MCI outlines plans to pave the way towards our digital future. Through Artificial Intelligence (AI) initiatives to power Singapore’s next bound of economic growth, the development of our digital infrastructure, and measures to strengthen Singaporeans’ trust and confidence in the digital domain, we hope everyone can thrive in our digital future.

### Uplift Economic Potential Through Digital

The Government will invest more than S$1 billion over the next five years into AI compute, talent, and industry development. MCI will build capabilities in our people and businesses to seize opportunities in an AI-enabled future.

Factsheet on Artificial Intelligence (AI) initiatives launched to uplift Singapore’s economic potential

Infographic on AI initiatives 

### Preserve Trust in The Digital & Information Domains

Singaporeans depend on the digital infrastructure and services that meet their day-to-day needs and power our digital economy. To preserve trust in our digital domain, MCI will enhance the resilience of Singapore's digital infrastructure and services, foster an environment where AI will be used responsibly and ethically, and strengthen Public Service Media to guard against rising threats of misinformation.

Factsheet on New Digital Infrastructure Act to enhance resilience & security of digital infrastructure & services


### Better Singaporeans’ Lives through Digital

We will strive to create effective digital products for Singaporeans by centring on their needs and embracing experimentation. MCI is committed to investing in digital infrastructure, and research and development, so Singapore is well-equipped to realise its Smart Nation ambitions.

Factsheet on Build for Good

Factsheet on MyLegacy@LifeSG

Infographic on Our Smart Nation Journey - New Products and Services

Infographic on Our Smart Nation Journey - The Journey So Far